IBX-9621: Document AI / Connect integration (#2690)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/ai_actions/install_ai_actions.md

```bash
###> ibexa/connector-openai ###
OPENAI_API_KEY=<your_api_key>
###< ibexa/connector-openai ###
```

> ### Configure access to [[= product_name_connect =]]

Reviewer: This section starts with:
```
## Configure AI Actions
Once the packages are installed, before you can start using AI Actions, you must enable them by following these instructions.
```
and the "must" heavily implires that both OpenAI and Ibexa Connect must be configured to use AI Actions.

I believe both OpenAI and Ibexa Connect usage is optional, partners can choose to enable them both, only one of them, or create their own Handlers entirely (for example one based on Gemini).

Right now it seems obligatory for everyone, even if someone is not planning on using Connect.

I assume Partners can just decide to not use the Connect integration and nothing breaks, but I'm not sure 100% about it - @mikadamczyk @barw4 would be nice if you could confirm 😄 

As it might require a longer discussion, I'm ok with doing this in a follow-up.

First, get the credentials by contacting [Ibexa Support](https://support.ibexa.co).

#### Create team

In [[= product_name_connect =]], set up the account, and [create a team](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/connect/en/latest/access_management/teams/#creating-teams).
Navigate to the team details page and note down the numerical value of the **Team id** variable.

> Creating a team matters, because [scenarios](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/connect/en/latest/scenarios/creating_a_scenario/) that process data coming from your AI action are associated with a team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a team matters, because [scenarios]([[= connect_doc =]]/scenarios/creating_a_scenario/) that process data coming from your AI action are associated with a team.
```

> This way, if your organization has more than one application, each application can be linked to a different team and so can be scenarios coming from those applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, if your organization has more than one project, each project can be linked to a different team and so can be scenarios associated with those projects.
```

The application -> project suggestion is minor and preferential, but if I understand it correctly the scenarios (assigned to the team) are displayed in the application (they are coming from Ibexa Connect to the application/project, not the other way round)

> If specific users from the team are supposed to modify scenario settings, you must [assign the right roles](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/connect/en/latest/access_management/teams/#managing-teams) to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If specific users from the team are supposed to modify scenario settings, you must [assign the right roles]([[= connect_doc =]]/access_management/teams/#managing-teams) to them.
```

#### Create token

Navigate to your [[= product_name_connect =]] user's profile, and on the **API ACCESS** tab, create a new token.
Copy the token code that appears next to the label.

![Creating an API token](img/connect_api_token.png)

#### Set up credentials

In the root folder of your project, modify the `.env` file.
Replace a placeholder value of the `IBEXA_CONNECT_TOKEN` variable with the token that you got from [[= product_name_connect =]] and provide a value of the `IBEXA_CONNECT_TEAM_ID` variable.

```bash
###> ibexa/connect ###
IBEXA_CONNECT_HOST=https://connect.ibexa.co
IBEXA_CONNECT_API_PATH=/api/v2/
# Token can be created in the user's profile in Ibexa Connect, under the 'API ACCESS' section.
IBEXA_CONNECT_TOKEN=<your_api_token>
# Use the URL below to read more on Ibexa Connect teams.
# https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/connect/en/latest/access_management/teams/
IBEXA_CONNECT_TEAM_ID=2
###< ibexa/connect ###
```

#### Initiate integration

Initiate the models provided by the handler by issuing the following command:

```bash

> php bin/console ibexa:connect:init-connect-ai <team_id> <language> <model list>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
php bin/console ibexa:connect:init-connect-ai <team_id> <language> <action handler identifiers>
```
We use model in the UI, but for the CLI let's use the real name: this is the list of action handler identifiers.

```

For example:

```bash
php bin/console ibexa:connect:init-connect-ai 2 en connect-image-to-text connect-text-to-text
```

!!! note "Support for multiple [[= product_name_connect =]] languages"

    The [`language` attribute](https://developers.make.com/api-documentation/api-reference/templates#templates-1) determines the language in which template details such as module names will be displayed in [[= product_name_connect =]]'s UI.

#### Customize templates 

> Return to the [[= product_name_connect =]] dashboard and modify the **Template for connect...handler** [templates](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/connect/en/latest/scenarios/scenario_templates/) by defining the logic needed to process the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return to the [[= product_name_connect =]] dashboard and modify the **Template for connect...handler** [templates]([[= connect_doc =]]/scenarios/scenario_templates/) by defining the logic needed to process the data.
```

If specific users from the team are supposed to modify scenario settings, you must [assign the right roles](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/connect/en/latest/access_management/teams/#managing-teams) to them.

#### Create token

Navigate to your [[= product_name_connect =]] user's profile, and on the **API ACCESS** tab, create a new token.
Copy the token code that appears next to the label.

![Creating an API token](img/connect_api_token.png)

#### Set up credentials

In the root folder of your project, modify the `.env` file.
Replace a placeholder value of the `IBEXA_CONNECT_TOKEN` variable with the token that you got from [[= product_name_connect =]] and provide a value of the `IBEXA_CONNECT_TEAM_ID` variable.

```bash
###> ibexa/connect ###
IBEXA_CONNECT_HOST=https://connect.ibexa.co
IBEXA_CONNECT_API_PATH=/api/v2/
# Token can be created in the user's profile in Ibexa Connect, under the 'API ACCESS' section.
IBEXA_CONNECT_TOKEN=0eeecdef-4499-4ce5-bac2-a0p8i5k7e8y3
# Use the URL below to read more on Ibexa Connect teams.
# https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/connect/en/latest/access_management/teams/

> IBEXA_CONNECT_TEAM_ID=2

Reviewer 2: I would put here <your_api_key>, <your team ID> or something similar, because code block for me is something ready to copy and run. If I see those: <> I will know that I have to change it, because right now it is not so obvious for me. I like it in Modify the database schema part. 
`mysql -u <username> -p <password> <database_name> < add_ai_actions.sql` I would make it consistent with that all the similar places on this page.

###< ibexa/connect ###
```

#### Initiate integration

> Initiate the models provided by the handler by issuing the `php bin/console ibexa:connect:init-connect-ai <team_id> <language> <model list>` command.

Reviewer 2: I would put it in the code block, to make it more visible and consistent with others. For the first time I skipped it and copied the example. And received and error. 😅

This way, if your organization has more than one application, each application can be linked to a different team and so can be scenarios coming from those applications.

If specific users from the team are supposed to modify scenario settings, you must [assign the right roles](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/connect/en/latest/access_management/teams/#managing-teams) to them.

#### Create token

Navigate to your [[= product_name_connect =]] user's profile, and on the **API ACCESS** tab, create a new token.
Copy the token code that appears next to the label.

![Creating an API token](img/connect_api_token.png)

#### Set up credentials

In the root folder of your project, modify the `.env` file.
Replace a placeholder value of the `IBEXA_CONNECT_TOKEN` variable with the token that you got from [[= product_name_connect =]] and provide a value of the `IBEXA_CONNECT_TEAM_ID` variable.

```bash
###> ibexa/connect ###
IBEXA_CONNECT_HOST=https://connect.ibexa.co
IBEXA_CONNECT_API_PATH=/api/v2/
# Token can be created in the user's profile in Ibexa Connect, under the 'API ACCESS' section.

> IBEXA_CONNECT_TOKEN=0eeecdef-4499-4ce5-bac2-a0p8i5k7e8y3

Reviewer 3: just to be sure, this is not a real token?

# Use the URL below to read more on Ibexa Connect teams.
# https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/connect/en/latest/access_management/teams/
IBEXA_CONNECT_TEAM_ID=2
###< ibexa/connect ###
```

#### Initiate integration

> Initiate each of the models provided by the handler by issuing the `php bin/console ibexa:connect:init-connect-ai <team_id> <language> <model>` command.

Reviewer 3: I am not sure if the <model> is the best option. If I remember correctly, that last argument is the list of action handlers

Author: Could it be `php bin/console ibexa:connect:init-connect-ai 2 en connect-image-to-text connect-text-to-text` then? Who will know for sure if you do not remember?

Reviewer 3: It is a list of action handlers
